README.md, before:

# homeassistant-stokercloud

This is an integration between Home Assistant and stokercloud.dk

# Install

You can install the plugin via HACS using the following steps.

[![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e99278d9-5121-40a4-b9c7-af48561a9140)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/hacs_repository/?owner=KristianOellegaard&repository=homeassistant-stokercloud&category=integration)



Manual Install:
1. Open HACS
2. Click the three dots on the top right
4. Click "Custom repositories"
5. Add https://github.com/KristianOellegaard/homeassistant-stokercloud and a category of your choice (integration will work just fine)

# Adding the integration

Go to **Settings -> Devices & services**

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c2137e41-156d-4814-829a-ac763e08d873)

**+ ADD INTEGRATION** (Can be found in the bottom right corner)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e99278d9-5121-40a4-b9c7-af48561a9140)

Search for **NBE**

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f2424009-c2bf-480a-adcd-1ad48b1c67f8)

Insert your Stokercloud username (This can be found in your stokercloud URL. https://stokercloud.dk/v3/#/USERNAME/main-page)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1cc6e285-b653-436b-9396-ed3c3a47f0d4)

Currently the integration is read-only so you do not need to enter your password

If the entities added are "Unknown" - Please give the integration a few minutes to fetch the data.
An alternative to waiting is to restart HA.

Commit message:

Update README with unmaintained project notice
Add notice about unmaintained status and PRs.

README.md, after:

# homeassistant-stokercloud

This is an integration between Home Assistant and stokercloud.dk

I no longer own a NBE furnace, so at this point you can consider the code unmaintained. However, if you want to maintain it or if you have small PRs I'm happy to merge them. For the same reason Issues are disabled, as I don't have the opportunity to support the project.

# Install

You can install the plugin via HACS using the following steps.

[![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e99278d9-5121-40a4-b9c7-af48561a9140)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/hacs_repository/?owner=KristianOellegaard&repository=homeassistant-stokercloud&category=integration)



Manual Install:
1. Open HACS
2. Click the three dots on the top right
4. Click "Custom repositories"
5. Add https://github.com/KristianOellegaard/homeassistant-stokercloud and a category of your choice (integration will work just fine)

# Adding the integration

Go to **Settings -> Devices & services**

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c2137e41-156d-4814-829a-ac763e08d873)

**+ ADD INTEGRATION** (Can be found in the bottom right corner)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e99278d9-5121-40a4-b9c7-af48561a9140)

Search for **NBE**

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f2424009-c2bf-480a-adcd-1ad48b1c67f8)

Insert your Stokercloud username (This can be found in your stokercloud URL. https://stokercloud.dk/v3/#/USERNAME/main-page)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1cc6e285-b653-436b-9396-ed3c3a47f0d4)

Currently the integration is read-only so you do not need to enter your password

If the entities added are "Unknown" - Please give the integration a few minutes to fetch the data.
An alternative to waiting is to restart HA.
